[Four weeks ago] And then there's a more powerful one...
The Audi TTS. More on that soon!
So here we are. With the new Audi TTS, the 310 PS sports coupe.
It accelerates quick enough to scare a Porsche Cayman.
Speaking of which, it will cost a lot - if not around the same - too.
Since we're at a Spanish race track: is it as good to drive, too?
How is it on the track? Two things are instantly noticeable.
Contrary to most S models, this TTS enables a lot of oversteer.
And these Hankook tyres aren't really fit for this car in the wet.
And the weather is mostly fine at Ascari, but not today.
However, you can really get a feel for this car and its boundaries.
The rear steps out quite quickly, even by stepping on the power.
We're not used to that with Audi's S models, which mostly understeer.
It's more playful, which is quite exciting.
There is 2-stage ESP, meaning a safe Sports mode or everything switched of.
The brakes are good too, even after a while. There's very little fading.
Sure: it's wet, so the speed is lower, but they still work fine.
However, the steering still feels direct yet a bit artificial, sadly.
Is it dynamic enough for a track? It doesn't beat a Cayman, but it's fun.
This basically has the same 2.0 TFSI as the Audi S3, though with 310 PS.
Along with 380 Nm, that's plenty. So this TTS is really quick.
And in true TFSI fashion, the power comes in all at once, always.
It will keep on going from 2500 rpm, all the way until the rev limit.
Contrary to older TFSI engines, this keeps on going.
At the limit, you shift using a paddle of the rapid S-Tronic DCT.
So performance is great, although you miss a bit of violence.
It's a bit too sweet, which is a bit of a shame.
Is it as good as a Porsche Cayman? We're not sure.
Though this may be because of the weather and the tyres.
It's the most dynamic TTS ever, so Audi is on the pace.
The BMW M235i is more of a rival, though it depends on the price too.
For the definitive verdict, we'll have to wait until it goes on sale.
+ Very quick, nicely balanced chassis
- S-Tronic kills some of the experience, steering feels artificial